000100039X	A prophet has waited twelve years in a coastal town for the ship that will bear him back to his homeland, which he misses.Why he is there, why he is waiting, how he knows what he knows, and who he is is a mystery.  As he departs the townspeople gather to wish him well. A local seeress who knows him best asks him to share his wisdom so that it will endure for generations to come.So, he reveals his wisdom on love, birth, marriage, children, pain, talking, pleasure, death any so much more.It is a profound work, and here is his advice on marriage so you may judge for yourself:You were born together, and together you shall be forevermore.You shall be together when white wings of death scatter your days.Aye, you shall be together even in the silent memory of God.But let there be spaces in your togetherness,And let the winds of the heavens dance between you.Love one another but make not a bond of love:Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup.Give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf.Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone,Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping.For only the hand of Life can contain your hearts.And stand together, yet not too near together:For the pillars of the temple stand apart,And the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow.Its not a little similar to theTao Te Ching: A New English Version (Perennial Classics)where a border guard recognises Lao Tzu, and asks him to share his wisdom as he goes into exile.  Written 2,500 years ago, and one of the most translated books in the world.  The Tao contains many principles you can use in your everyday life, and if you're not thinking in  ego based ways, your wisdom based thinking opens up..If you like one book, you will love the other, so I recommend both.  For the Tao, I recommend the Stephen Mitchell version.  Hope this was useful.
0001055178	At first, I was going to tick Beryl Bainbridge off for writing too well, too literary.  I thought it nonsense that an illiterate girl in nineteenth century Liverpool could never write such exquisite prose as evidenced in  this novel, and that this was a case of the authorial voice being too  strong.  As it happened, I couldn't have been more wrong.  This novel is  narrated by the close acquaintances of 'Master Georgie' (although some are  closer than others), starting with the illiterate Myrtle.  Immediately we  are drawn into the action, as this sequence of a photograph being taken  will resound throughout the novel.  'Master Georgie' is incredibly subtle,  and it is only by looking back over it that you begin to appreciate that  this is the most suitable of beginnings.  Here is where Myrtle begins on  her road to becoming a lady.  And what an unsavory road it is, as Myrtle's  help is initially required to cover up the manner in which George Hardy's  father has died, and leads to the bloody battlefields of the Crimea.  Also  assisting with the cover-up is the duck-boy and street urchin, Pompey Jones  and the pompous Dr. Potter, whose narrations are by far the best.  George  Hardy himself is an ambiguous figure, seen only through the eyes of others.  It may be a fault that we never really get to know him.  This is a novel  of cameras, carnality, and carnage.  The dreadful shadow of history is cast  upon it, with the famous charge of the Light Brigade lightly alluded to.  One almost expects to run into a lady with a lamp at every corner, but  fortunately, Bainbridge avoids this excess.  She takes events frozen in  time, such as the front cover's photograph, and brings them into life and  death, and maybe even beyond.  The camera never lies... Or does it?  Bainbridge fervently burrows into the psyche of characters, enabling them  to bring about apparitions vivid enough to be captured by film.  In my  mind's eye, I see Bainbridge pouring over ancient photographs from the  Crimea, trying to put names to faces and to see if she could walk around in  their bloody shoes.  She succeeds.  If I'd have been on 1998's Booker  panel, I know I would have placed Bainbridge before McEwan.  And the reason  wouldn't have the desire to give her a consolatory, but demeaning, long  service award.  In this instance, 'Master Georgie' speaks for itself.
0001473123	How people can make these types of mistakes is beyond me. There appears to have been no editor or proofreading before putting this up for sale and apparently no quailty control measures on Amazon's part. The problems:1. 4,500 locations or 450 pages are missing. This ebook is 500 locations or 50 pages.2. The reviews posted on the &#34
0001473727	All,This is the version of this book that you want.  An excellent book, and good to get your thoughts going.
0001473905	I have  read hundreds of books explaining different aspect of the bible for over 20 years,  but this is the best one yet. It keeps to the bible and to the point. Clarence Larkins is amazing writer and his charts just add extra understanding to his work. This man was truly used of God for this book.
0001712772	I didn't realize this was the children's book in the Dr. Seuss series. I thought it was for adults. My mistake and I had to laugh at myself when I excitedly opened it up. I couldn't teach my dog any new tricks! :)
000171287X	This Book is funny and is full of B words, like "big brown bear, blue, bull, beautiful baboon...."  Another B phrase is added each time so by the end it's a long phrase.  There is a surprise at the end for a sad Baby Bird.  (my daughter dictated that paragraph)This isn't Berenstain Bear family book, with Mama, Papa, Sister and Brother but is a celebration of an important letter.  It's fun to read out loud with a swingy feel to it.
0001714538	Although Amazon advertises this book for ages 4-8, my wife and I started reading this and other Stan and Jan Berenstain books to our children from 18 months and up. Always a delight, our kids would laugh at the silliness while learning a lesson about life. We started a great habit of reading two or three books before bed, and the kids loved them. Soon, they would memorize many of the phrases, beginning a lifelong passion for reading.Every kid should experience reading books by the Berenstains while growing up. The characters are well developed, the rhyming phrases help kids become enthusiastic about reading, and the messages about life make them think.  Bears On The Moon got my son and daughter asking questions about space and interested in the great beyond.  Combine this with other fun Berenstain Bear books and your kids will sit enthralled as you turn the pages. Highly recommended.
0002005395	This is my surprise book of the year. It was a gift, and I didn't quite know what to expect, but it's turned into a real winner.Spanning the years from 1902 till the end of WWI, we follow the life of Grania, a child/woman who became deaf following scarlet fever. From a loving middle-class family, she went to a boarding school for hundreds and hundreds of deaf children, grew into a self-sufficient young woman, became a nurse, and married a hearing man, Jim. He went off to war, as did her childhood friend and brother-in-law, Kenan. Improbably for that Great War, both men returned - but in very different conditions.Divided into several parts, the early chapters are Grania's education, learning to live as a deaf person in the world of the hearing. The next part is Jim's story of his war experience.Then comes Grania's ultimately successful efforts to return the power of speech to her mute and traumatized childhood friend. And finally the resolution of all the stories.This book grows on you. One of the boldest risks author Itani took was to try (successfully) to convey Grania's silent world to readers, and to imitate the understanding of sign language as well as lip reading for those of us unfamiliar with the Deaf World.It's a stunning and powerful book, showing the power of Story to convey love, union, and understanding - and ultimately, joy.
0002006715	I ordered this book through one of Amazon Marketplace sellers as it was no longer offered by Amazon itself. While the book is in the shape I ordered it (used-very good), I have not read it yet as I only just received it after ordering in it on 11/26/10. I received the book mid January, 2011.
0002007649	I bought this book based on two 5 star customer reviews, and because at the time, it was 94th in books at amazon.ca. I've purchased many books on nutrition from amazon. This is the only one I sent back.Coming from a Canadian author, I was hoping to like this book, but after reading the small section entitled "Milk and Calcium", I lost a lot of respect for this man as a "nutrition authority".I think the author could have produced a better book, if he'd written in greater depth, on fewer subjects, the ones he was most knowledgeable on. Dairy foods are not one of these subjects, and his bias in their favor is painfully obvious.He portrays the anti-dairy segment of our society as being primarily animal rights and vegetarian organizations, and claims that independent researchers fall on the side of the dairy industry for milk's health benefits.Don't Drink Your Milk!: New Frightening Medical Facts About the World's Most Overrated Nutrient( While this book is dated, the number of medical doctors recommending against consuming dairy products has continued to grow.)He acknowledges that, "Milk stands accused of contributing to heart disease, stroke, breast cancer, prostate cancer, ovarian cancer, diabetes, allergies, stomach cramps, diarrhea, autism, mucus production, and, get this, bone fractures!" He fails to acknowledge the theory that's becoming more widely accepted within the nutritional science community for why cow's milk may not be a positive contributing factor for bone health. That the milk proteins can contribute to an acidosis of the blood, pulling calcium from the bones to maintain a stable pH level, and negatively impacting calcium balance in the body. He continues, "But milk is also linked  with reducing heart disease, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, and of course, bone fracture"."The anti-milk arguments often begin with the observation that no other species except humans drink milk after weaning."( Again, he neglects to mention the rest of the story. That in Nature, no other species would ever consume the "breast milk" of another species, regardless of stage of life.) "That's hardly a compelling argument. No other species designs airplanes, develops antibiotics, or bakes bread either."He tries to refute the Nurse's Health Study by suggesting that the nurses who were drinking the most milk, were doing so not because they liked it, but because they knew they had a genetic predisposition and/or other risk factors for osteoporosis, and believed consuming more cow's milk would help them. So, to his way of thinking, drinking more milk was largely a reflection of an overall greater risk for developing osteoporosis in general, and therefore milk should not be singled out and blamed for the increased incidence of hip-fracture seen in the Nurse's Health Study, as the extra milk was possibly beneficial, but just not beneficial enough to overcome the other risks in this "self-selected subgroup". While the lead author of this study may lend some support for that hypothesis, her coauthor, Dr. Walter Willett, does not.In this short chapter the author refers to the heavy environmental contamination of dairy as a "trace of dioxin". He acknowledges that dairy fat is a problem, but suggests we eat low-fat dairy, and also limit saturated fat in our diets elsewhere.He doesn't get into the tumor-promoting properties of casein, the primary type of milk proteins. Likewise, he stays right away from the whole raw milk issue, or movement, and the destruction of nutrients through pasteurization. There's no discussion on grass-fed, as opposed to grain-fed cows, or any issues relating to factory farming. Although he does give brief mention to insulin-like growth factor.Most people who know anything about nutrition, know that 2% cow's milk actually contains over 30% of calories from fat. The dairy industry likes to mislead, or deceive the public, by measuring "water" weight, rather than counting calories.This author pulls a similar stunt with calcium. He boasts, "A glass of milk contains about 300 milligrams of calcium, a cup of yogurt 400. By comparison, the best vegetable source is broccoli, with about 100 milligrams per cup."Of course he's not only wrong about broccoli being the best vegetable source of calcium, ( bok choy and kale are both significantly higher ) but he doesn't bother to mention that a cup of broccoli contains only about a third the calories of a cup of milk, and, like other cruciferous vegetables, broccoli has a far superior nutrient-profile. He does recommend broccoli in a different part of the book.There is some comic relief with the author's explanation for why large segments of the world population are lactose intolerant. Apparently, the human species evolved hand in hoof with the dairy cow. But centuries ago, the tsetse fly spread sleeping sickness throughout much of Africa and Asia, decimating cattle populations. So, not having access to cow's milk, human populations, over time, lost much of their "natural" ability to make lactase, the enzyme responsible for lactose digestion.While some primitive populations did thrive on diets containing some cow's milk, it's important to make the distinction that what they consumed is a far cry from what is available to us at the grocery store. Derived largely from grain-fed cows, pumped up on growth hormone to increase milk production, and antibiotics to ward off sickness inherent to the animal's living conditions, much of the already compromised nutrition in the milk is destroyed through pasteurization. And dairy fat today, contains more dioxin, and more environmental contaminates in general, than any other food North Americans are likely to consume.The author claims that while "milk may not be a miracle food, it can contribute significantly to a healthy diet. It assuredly is not poison, as suggested by the likes of PETA".Webster's Dictionary defines poison as, "a substance that through it's chemical action can injure or kill".It's debatable whether cow's milk, as it's generally produced today, is actually poison, but it most assuredly is, as the Weston A. Price Foundation acknowledges, crap!While "milk and calcium" is admittedly a very very small portion of this book, in my eyes, the author has seriously undermined his credibility. Do I now trust or care what he says about fluoride added to tap water? No!Who do I trust?If you want to know what the medical literature says about diet and health, read Joel Fuhrman'sEat to Live: The Revolutionary Formula for Fast and Sustained Weight Loss
0002007770	I am continually puzzled by the publishing industry's "prizes."  This book takes up an astonishing amount of shelf space in book stores.  Cover to cover there is nothing in it.  It is like reading a cut and paste book.  The characters are thin, flavorless, cliched, sleep-inducing.  The same with the dialogue.  I am still trying to determine what the author's purpose was, unless it was to bore us to tears (those would be the only tears shed).  I felt like it was written by an automaton, someone who does not care about the craft of writing but thinks she is precious.  There is no strength to the story or the sentences.  I actually felt insulted by this drivel.Read The Deptford Trilogy, by Robertson Davies.  Now there is a circus story you won't forget.
